docs : fix grammar issues, improve wording, add a description for juicefs_vs_alluxio.md (#3943)
juicedata/juicefs: docs/en/introduction/comparison/juicefs_vs_alluxio.md

> ## Storage format

Reviewer: this section could use more elaboration: sure, they have different storage format, but what does it really mean for end-users? talk more on performance differences on different scenarios cc @xiaogaozi

> In JuiceFS, a single file is [stored](../architecture.md#how-juicefs-store-files) in three levels: chunk, slice, and block. The file is split into multiple blocks and is compressed and encrypted (optional) before it is stored in object storage.

Reviewer: JuiceFS comes with its own storage format, which splits files into blocks, optionally encrypted and compressed before uploaded to the object storage. Read [how JuiceFS stores files](../architecture.md#how-juicefs-store-files) for more.

Author: Updated.

> In JuiceFS, a single file is [stored](../architecture.md#how-juicefs-store-files) in three levels: chunk, slice, and block. The file is split into multiple blocks and is compressed and encrypted (optional) before it is stored in object storage.

Author: ```suggestion
JuiceFS has its own storage format, where files are divided into blocks, and they can be optionally encrypted and compressed before being uploaded to the object storage. For more details, see [How JuiceFS stores files](../architecture.md#how-juicefs-store-files).
```

JuiceFS provides strong consistency for both metadata and data. **The metadata service of JuiceFS is the single source of truth, not a mirror of UFS.** The metadata service does not rely on object storage to obtain metadata, and object storage is just treated as unlimited block storage. This ensures there are no inconsistencies between JuiceFS and object storage.

## Data compression

JuiceFS supports data compression using [LZ4](https://lz4.github.io/lz4) or [Zstandard](https://facebook.github.io/zstd) for all your data, while Alluxio does not offer this feature.

## Data encryption

JuiceFS supports data encryption both in transit and at rest. Alluxio community edition lacks this feature, while it is available in the [enterprise edition](https://docs.alluxio.io/ee/user/stable/en/operation/Security.html#end-to-end-data-encryption).

## Zero-effort operations

Alluxio's architecture can be divided into three components: master, worker and client. A typical cluster consists of a single leading master, standby masters, a job master, standby job masters, workers, and job workers. You need to maintain all these masters and workers by yourself.

> JuiceFS uses Redis or [other services](../../guide/how_to_set_up_metadata_engine.md) as the metadata engine. You could easily use the service managed by a public cloud provider as JuiceFS' metadata engine, without any operational overhead.

Reviewer: more explicit

```suggestion
JuiceFS uses Redis or [other databases](../../guide/how_to_set_up_metadata_engine.md) as the metadata engine. You could easily use the service managed by a public cloud provider as JuiceFS' metadata engine, without any operational overhead.
```
